ok then today on the pics fire shoot
fire is not so difficult as it can
seem really enough for you
usually SLR or any other
camera that has a manual
mode to start let's see what is
we want to get in the pictures do we want
freeze the flames or vice versa
show their movement as both
option looks quite impressive I
I'll show you how to shoot and 1 and 2 , unlike
sub ziro i don't have super powers
and freeze items in motion me
short exposure will help
to immobilize the sparks of flame I
I put the excerpt within one three hundred
20 seconds can be set and shorter and
length and this is an amateur
Well, in general, it all turns out
experimental amount of light
falling on the matrix is adjustable
aperture but watch out for mushroom if frame
underexposed we lift out about but again
same watch out for noise as models
I have the usual matches
I will try to shoot their moment
fire as matches enough
small items i will use
macro rings for more
large detailed picture but now
behind
freeze is over and now you can
go to shooting fire in motion here
everything is exactly the opposite excerpt by
length and diaphragm cover up by
this from flying sparks we get such
beautiful plumes and it will look
truly fascinating pose not
It will sparkler as during
first very well suited for such
sort of experiments and secondly after
new year I have them until the fig and
so steam burn
and so we can say that today we gave
the heat is burned to the fullest as well
learned all this beautiful
they've learned the truth
now you can safely go to places
welder clusters and offer them
professional photo shoots
but seriously fire at the expense of his
gives unpredictability to a large field
for creativity and creativity therefore
Only during experiments
experiments try not to burn the hut
shorter okay subscribe to the channel set
Like and my name is Artem Dalai and to
The example was more visual I decided
compare smartphone and canon 5d mark 2
cho drove
as you can see I have a table and a glass with
whiskey but it's not at all because I decided
drink for love because decided everything
it's nice to take a picture and already
only then drink for love
well in our case to the photo and so
we have around the world
our color scheme is one light source
he is constant with us he will shine on
background and give a beautiful radial
gradient